Add release notes for PMD threads (#20302)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/core-plugins/pmd_plugin.adoc

====

See the link:{groovyDslPath}/org.gradle.api.plugins.quality.PmdExtension.html[PmdExtension] class in the API documentation.

[[sec:pmd_conf_threads]]
=== Parallel analysis

You can configure the number of threads to be used by PMD for running its analysis.

====
include::sample[dir="snippets/codeQuality/codeQuality/groovy",files="build.gradle[tags=pmd-threads]"]
include::sample[dir="snippets/codeQuality/codeQuality/kotlin",files="build.gradle.kts[tags=pmd-threads]"]
====

[NOTE]
====

> This configuration is internal to PMD and is not linked to <<performance#parallel_execution,the number of workers>> used by Gradle.

Reviewer: IMHO this is a bit vague. We could maybe clearly state instead how the two thread counts interact, if they multiply or not.

Author: This is covered by the sentences in that block

> It means that you have to pay attention to the value entered here and make sure it still makes sense in a multi project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It means that you have to pay attention to the value entered here and make sure it still makes sense in a multi project build.
```

> Because parallel Gradle execution could result in different PMD tasks from different project running in parallel, having a multiplier effect on the configured value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is because parallel Gradle task execution could result in different PMD tasks from different projects running in parallel.  If multiple PMD tasks execute simultaneously in n projects, then up to a maximum of (n * `thread`) PMD threads could run at the same time.
```
